Update Run Task payload request (#353)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/changelog.mdx

Keep track of changes to the API for Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise.

## 2023-05-25

> * The `configuration_version_download_url`, `configuration_version_id` and `workspace_working_directory` properties of the [Run Task Request](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/run-tasks/run-tasks-integration#request-body) are now set for all stages.

Reviewer: Suggestion for active voice: 
```suggestion
* Terraform cloud now sets the `configuration_version_download_url`, `configuration_version_id`, and `workspace_working_directory` properties of the [Run Task Request](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/run-tasks/run-tasks-integration#request-body) for all stages.
```

Author: Changed as per suggestion.
